So end to end the entire agent is
configured. We have um a chat interface
deployed on a custom domain that can
accept input, take that input, read it
and pass that input over to a modal
backend uh where we have a sandbox spun
up. The sandbox is executing code in a
secure environment. It's passing that
code back to our agent, returning it to
open web UI, our chat instance, which is
gated behind
Cloudflare and completely protected for
the internet. And so end to end, that's
exactly how you should deploy a Hermes
agent. All righty. I'm excited. You
should be excited. Today we are
deploying a Hermes agent. Um, and we're
going to do it the right way. We're
going to do it the fun way. We're going
to have a good time. I got a template
for y'all. It's going to be I don't know
about easy, but we're going to make it
fun. What is Hermes agent? Well, it's a
new open source agent from News Research
um that purportedly grows with you. So,
the idea is you have an agent that you
can chat with. Um, that agent learns
over time, uh, remembers what it learns,
gets more capable the longer it runs.
Also has some cool unique features.
Scheduled automations, that's pretty
cool. Real sandboxing, we'll talk about
that. That'll be a big focus of this
video. Um, and the ability to connect
pretty much any messaging client. So, in
this video, we're going to connect a
sample client. Um though I'd encourage
you to like figure out um more clients
and continue kind of on your own with
this project. Um so we're going to talk
about prerequisites and then we're going
to get into architecture and then we're
just going to do it because I got like I
said a GitHub repo a template in the
description um that you can follow along
with. Um, so prerequisites, what we'll
be doing here, what we're going to need,
we're going to deploy on Fly IO. Um,
that's going to have a front end, a chat
interface.
It's going to have the actual
deployment, the gateway. Um, and then
we're going to use modal sandboxes, uh,
for the runtime, for the command
execution. And then we're going to drop
everything behind Cloudflare access. Um,
and I'm just giving you this for
prerequisites so you know what to kind
of uh come prepared with and then we're
going to get into the architecture. So
the things you'll need here are first
the um fly CLI uh and docker installed
on your machine. So you can do that with
this homebrew command fly off login
authenticates. Um I'd recommend a
cloudflare account
and if you have a cloudfl domain that
will be helpful as well. So, I'm going
to be using my personal domain,
mattpalmer.io.
Um, and then you'll also need a modal
account. Um, and really that's it. So,
now let's talk about architecture. Let's
talk about why we're doing what we're
doing. Um, when we think about deploying
something like a Hermes agent, there
really like two ways to go. We could do
one um a VPS
virtual private server, I think. two, we
could go with kind of a managed um
solution, which is what we're going to
be doing today, right? This is us. This
is us. Now,
if you're online and you're looking up
this stuff, you probably see a VPS
because a lot of people are like, "Hey,
you know, you can deploy a VPS for five
bucks. It's really great." Um, a bunch
of like hardcore Linux DevOps people be
like, you know, this is all you need. If
you do anything else, like you're not
good enough, blah blah blah or whatever.
Um, and the truth is that the manage
solution is probably going to be more
like uh, you know, depending on how
powerful you make it, between $30 and
$50 a month. So, these are monthly.
We'll drop that in. And I want to talk
about kind of like why we're doing what
we're doing because we are using a
managed solution and that's not for
everybody, but there's some real
trade-offs when we're making this
decision, right? And so things we need
to consider when we're choosing here.
Things to consider
um are first of all
I will align that. I I need things to be
aligned you know first our time. So do
we have the time to manage an entire
solution ourselves? It's kind of a build
versus buy trade-off. Two our um
expertise.
Can we configure this thing uh to the
fullest extent to the extent necessary
it needs to be configured? Um and really
like it comes down to time expertise and
then you know part of expertise I would
even say is security. Um because a VPS
can be secure if you know what you're
doing and you have the time to do so. So
maybe these two things kind of ladder
into security rather right? like it's
like some combination of our time and
expertise can guarantee security. Um,
and we'll even say uh and performance.
Does this thing actually even work?
Right? So, that's what we're going up
against. And when I think about the time
that I would have to put into a VPS,
it's worth the 30 to 50 bucks not to
have to worry about this. Um, and the
reason being a VPS is just a Linux
machine. It's just like, you know,
somebody just hands you a server and you
have to go do the work of locking that
server down, ensuring proper
permissioning, ensuring separation of
concerns, um, doing all of these
different things. When there are all
these products that have been built for
us by really smart, competent
individuals and we can essentially
offload some of that security and that
work to a company, to a software company
that's providing a service, right?
Software as a service. Software as a
service. That's what we're doing here.
we're going to go with the managed
solution. So, I'm doing that because my
time I think is worth um this amount per
month and I think we can get a
productivity increase. And I am not a
security researcher. I'm not a security
expert. Um I know things about security.
I know what to ask agents. I know how to
understand if something's secure. But I
don't really want to spend all of my
time provisioning, managing this VPS. I
want to spend my time building cool
agents. And so that's what we're going
to do. So now let's talk about the
architecture, what we got going on here.
we got um our agent. So the way the
Hermes agent works is there is a front
end. I actually don't know that this is
really described anywhere. Um love the
product. Uh I think really the docs uh
could use some work here.
Let's see maybe this describes what's
going on here.
There is a basically
um we have Hermes the actual agent and
then there is a terminal backend
configuration. So the agent runs
separately from the terminal backend and
that's kind of important and there are
all these different options that you can
use. You can run on your machine
directly. It's actually like really not
recommended because there's no
isolation, right? And then we can do
some of these things, right? And notice
that as this table uh kind of descends
here, we get more and more isolation.
And that's what we want. So we have our
agent, Hermes agent. Make this a little
bit bigger for y'all. Uh actually, I
don't like that. I do not like the the
width. We have our agent, and this is
like the core, right? This is like the
core of what we're deploying.
This is where all the messages are
processed. This is where our secrets
live. This is all that good stuff. And
then our agent's going to like run
commands. Maybe it runs like Python
commands. Maybe it does that stuff. What
we're going to do is we're going to
actually delegate that. We're going to
delegate that out to something. That
something is modal.
So if you haven't used modal before, uh
we'll go back to we'll just go to
modal.com here. Modal is AI
infrastructure for sandboxed
environments. That means is we can run
commands in isolation.
So this is like our terminal
uh back end
and we get isolation with modal.
So what that means is that you know say
we send a chat to our our agent and our
agent goes to modal and says hey you
know like Matt he wants to run this
python file. So, I'm gonna run python
whatever.py
and that happens in an isolated
environment. Or say Matt wants to like
trigger a skill and execute some code
with that skill. Skill XYZ.
The cool thing about the way that this
works is that
what our agent will do is pass through
only the secrets necessary to modal in
this container. So another important
piece is that these are isolated. Um
these are are completely separated. So
we'll draw like a little box around here
as well. And so you know say there's a
credential that needs to be ran here.
Say I'm like running this against I
don't know Google calendar or something.
Python whatever.py has to do with my
Gcal account.
the agent will only pass through the
credentials to this container for Gcal
and it won't have access to anything
else that's stored on the agent. So you
know if something bad happens
say skull emoji here
something bad happens with this python
file something like not good um that is
limited to this environment it is not
going to be uh it'll be contained
basically in this environment is all I'm
trying to say and so that isolation
means that um our surface area is
limited and we can um take the principle
of lease privilege here by only giving
access to these sandboxes uh what they
absolutely require. This is a big flaw
in some of the personal agents that you
see out there today. Open claw has this
flaw. There are a lot of other tools
that have this flaw. And if you do what
is recommended here and go with a local
backend, you're putting all of your
credentials and all of these important
things in the same place. We don't want
to do that. We want isolation from our
back end. So that is why we're going to
use modal um for this deployment.
And now what we need is a way to
communicate with the Hermes agent. Now
ways of communicating with our agent, we
could
um communication.
We could use um a terminal.
This looks like running curl.
you know, we're just running a curl
command, hitting the Hermes agent
endpoint, and then getting our response
back. We actually don't really want to
do that. There really shouldn't be
communication from the open internet
with our agent. Um, we could use
something like Telegram.
That's great. Uh, we could use Slack or
we could use a web UI. And so today what
we'll do today is deploy something
called open web UI. Open web UI
which is just a self-hosted thing about
it like chat GBT. We go to open web UI.
It just kind of looks like the chat GBT
interface but it's going to be our own
private instance. So um only we will
have access to this and we will use this
to create and manage chats with our
agent. Now if you're watching this
tutorial and they're like I don't really
want a chat instance for my app. That's
fine. You can configure signal. You can
do all these other things um down the
line but what we have to be careful of
is um basically the the tools that are
able to communicate with our our agent.
And so in this app, open web UI will be
able to communicate with our agent. The
reason we want to be conscious of this
is because if anything can communicate
with our agent that kind of opens a lot
of service area for malicious attacks
for um getting bad information into our
agent. And if our agent is compromised,
that is very problematic because now we
can run commands and basically uh your
data is exposed potentially. So we want
to prevent that. So, we're going to like
only allow
communication from this open web UI
instance, right? Like none of this. The
internet cannot reach our agent, but
open web UI can. That's a best practice.
And then what we're going to do because
this is all isolated is we're going to
drop this behind
Cloudflare. Boom.
And so in order to access Open Web UI,
we'll have to log in through Cloudflare.
And there are a couple benefits here.
So what we get
is um protection
from the public internet
and
um things like rate limiting,
bot protection,
etc. So if you've ever seen, you know,
like a Cloudflare checkbox you have to
click to be able to access an
application, we get that for free. The
reason we're doing this is not only for
the rate limiting and the bot protection
and DOS protection and all of that, but
then also we can have a Cloudflare
login. So, we're protecting oursel from
a a number of things here uh with this
um setup. And um we're going to
configure GitHub login
because it's relatively straightforward.
And what that means is that you know we
will like log in with our GitHub account
to Cloudflare.
And um it'll be a simple authentication
process. If you're signed in with your
GitHub account uh it'll be easy and then
you'll have access to open web UI. You
can chat with your agent. That agent
will pass off backend commands to modal.
Um and that modal uh instance will spin
up these isolated environments. All of
this is uh not accessible to the public
internet.
So we have a secure backend and then we
are only communicating um with that
backend um by being off through
Cloudflare
and that is our separation of concerns.
That's the the gist of what we're
deploying. So this core instance is
going to have persistent storage. It's
going to have a persistent volume in
fly.io where our agent can create and
update memories. Um, and this is a very
basic deployment. We're not configuring
skills in this video. We're not doing
anything too crazy, but this is going to
be the gist of what we're doing. So, I
have my GitHub repo here. This is open
web UI. I have my GitHub repo here. I
have my deployment steps. We're
basically just going to walk through
these. Um, so I'm going to open up a
file here.
Now, the first thing before I forget is
that we're going to want to clone down
this repo. So, navigate to a directory
that you're fond of. Open up a terminal
and type in git clone. Boom. Matt pal
Hermes agent. This is going to pull down
all of our configuration, all of the
other stuff we're going to be using into
a directory. Um, then we're going to
talk about installation. I already ran
this. Um, so I'm going to cd Hermes
agent. Um, and if we run lsla, we have
all of our files here. Our agents scale
files uh conductor. That's one tool I'll
be using here. Kit Hermes open web UI.
Run that first and then we're going to
open it up in our text editor of choice
or our file editor of choice. And we're
going to get going. Open up file here.
And I have my tutorial of what we're
doing. This is conductor. It's a AI
coding tool. I work at conductor. Um,
and I'm just using it to display the
files here. And we're going to walk
through things. So if you don't have
flyct installed or docker, you're going
to want to run this command. And then
the first thing we're going to do is
create an account on fly.io.
So we come over here. Um you can create
your account. You go to your dashboard,
right? We have no apps. That's all good.
Um you should be able to complete this
with the fly.io trial version. Uh but
then once you add a credit card, you'll
get build on usage. Again, I'd estimate
the total cost of this to be between 30
and 50 bucks per month um for this
managed instance. Um, so if you're cool
with that, uh, just go ahead and, uh,
we're going to start configuring the
environment. But the first you can run
fly off login. That'll take you to fly
io. I'll like authenticate with my
account. Now we're logged into fly in
the terminal. So we can run fly
commands. We can also get our agents to
help us out with these fly commands,
which is nice. And I have some skills in
this repo um, for building things, which
is which is good as well.
Next, we have our m.ample example file.
I'm going to clear this out and I'm
going to cp.example2.mp.
So now what we do is we have a copy of
this file in a m file
and uh I can command p. I can go to the
end file. Um and this will be the last
you see of this file because we're going
to start putting in secrets. Um and
it's get ignored. So we're not going to
commit this to GitHub. So, what we're
going to do is we're going to fill in
our fly or we're going to fill in our
primary region that we want to deploy
in. And then we're going to come up with
unique names for these things. Um, we
won't worry too much about this stuff
here. We'll get to that part. So, we go
to our tutorial
and what we're going to set the first
thing is our fly organization, our
primary region. Um, that's not these
aren't really sensitive information. And
then we're going to start setting these
um variables as well. Um, one thing to
note is that um, the goal of this
tutorial is going to be to deploy to
something like chat.mmattpalmer.io.
There will be an intermediate step where
we basically have um a fly IO deployment
and we have to connect that to
Cloudflare.
But we're going to we're going to
configure this with the the end in mind
so to speak. Okay. So we need our fly or
we need our region. What you can do is
go flyct or list I believe. Yep. Matt
Palmer slug personal. That's the org. We
want region. I live in San Francisco. I
want Los Angeles. We'd want to pick a
region close to where we're at. And now
we need um a unique name for our agent
in our UI. This has to be globally
unique on fly because it's going to get
deployed to this URL basically, right?
So, let's say I do uh Maddie agent and
then I do um Maddie agent UI. This is
going to get deployed to Matty agent
UI.fly.dev. And we'll keep it that way
just so you can see what's going on in
this this first part of the tutorial.
Then we're uh going to come on over to
the tutorial. What else we got? We need
to configure our model default GBT55
by default, our model provider, open
router, and our admin email to the web
UI. So, pick the email that you're going
to use to log in. This should be the
same as your GitHub email that you're
going to log in through because that'll
kind of be important. One other thing,
we're going to be using Open Router for
this tutorial because Open Router allows
us to have one API key and to just
configure a bunch of providers. So, go
ahead configure these things in
again. That guy, this guy, I'm going to
enter in my email. So this is at this
point the last we're going to see of
this file. Next, we're going to generate
some local secrets. So you can copy this
command and really just paste it into
your terminal. Um, and what that will
get us are two random strings. And we
want to set these strings to Hermes API
shared key web UI secret key. So you can
do that now. Those will go in M. And you
should clear your terminal and not paste
these strings anywhere other than the M
file. Now the reason we're generating
these strings, I think it's always
important to know the why when we do
something is because there needs to be
some sort of like secret value um here,
right? There has to be some way that the
agent authenticates with modal. There
has to be some way that the uh web UI
authenticates with Hermes agent. Um and
so we have our web UI secret key and we
have our Hermes API shared key.
We even explain that here. This web UI
exposes the single backend model from
model default. Um, and the local secrets
are what uh will be set here. So now
we're going to go to open router and
we're going to grab an API token. We're
going to go to modal and we're going to
grab an API token. The way we do that is
we go to modal. We log in. Um, I might
have one. Uh, no, these are apps. I'm
going to go to secrets. I'm going to get
started and create a new secret. Um,
wow. I don't remember seeing this
screen. Uh,
this is actually the wrong page. We're
going to go settings in modal. We're
going to go API tokens. There we go.
We're going to click new token. And then
I'm going to say Maddie agent. And when
I click create, the secrets will appear
on my screen. So, you know, don't log
those anywhere. Next, we can go to open
router.
Open router
will allow us to log in and then we'll
get an API key. I had one from an
earlier instance. So, we'll just drop
that. I'm going to create an API key
here and we'll call it Maddie agent.
Credit limit, I'm going to do 100 bucks
a month. Um,
just as a precaution, not really
necessary. Um, so I mentioned the cost
to deploy this might be 30 to 50 bucks.
We have to also consider the tokens our
agent uses, but the nice thing is
they're all going through open router,
so we'll get a lot of visibility into
that as well. So, I'm going to create
this. You won't be able to see that.
Cool. So now we have our required
secrets. We have our shared key, our web
UI secret key, our open router API key,
modal token ID, our modal token secret.
That's great. We'll leave the Cloudflare
values blank.
And this is where we get to do fun
stuff. We get to deploy uh we get to
deploy our app. So deploying stuff is
fun. Everybody loves deploying stuff.
And the way that this is working, we're
going to break it down, is I have this
make file here. And make file is just a
way of scripting things and running
commands like this. And what the make
file is going to do is it is going to
provision our resources. So you could
think about it like you know kind of
like a dumb Terraform if you're
familiar. Basically it's a declarative
way of kind of defining what we want to
do. And um what's going to happen is we
have our make file
and when I run the make file it's going
to say um hey let's make some stuff. Big
surprise. That's what's happening. We're
going to make some resources on Fly.io.
We're going to create our agent. We're
going to create um
our web UI.
And each of these things
will have a
basically a machine, a server
and a volume where it can store
persistent data. So we get a server and
a volume. So we're going to have um
many services we're spinning up here.
There's this is kind of cool. And the
way we configure these is with Docker.
So Docker is um
a declarative way of creating virtual
machines. And when I say declarative, so
docker uh declarative
um it's a way of creating
uh VMs um or containers.
Um it uses images.
This is really unique and images are
kind of layered to save space. So you
know like Python is an image. Um what
else is an image? Linux uh distributions
like Ubuntu.
And we have the open web UI
as an image. We have Hermes agent
as an image. And so because Docker is
composed of these images, we'll see the
image getting pulled down and built.
Images are built on top of each other.
For example, Hermes agent might be built
on a Ubuntu base image with then a bunch
of other Docker images combined or other
packages installed. Um, and it it builds
up to this piece of software. And the
cool thing about Docker is if it runs on
your machine, it runs in the cloud, runs
in the environment, it's we're declaring
it through code um and uh it uses the
same runtime everywhere, which
simplifies development for a lot of
these things. So, we're going to use our
make file to basically push down or push
up, I don't know, these docker commands
[clears throat]
to fly.io
for these things.
And then we're going to connect modal
separately. And I think it's important
to talk about how this works because
it's good to understand when you deploy
stuff how it works. We can see Hermes
here in the in the finder or in the file
window. If we open the Docker um file,
it describes the image that we're
pulling news research Hermes agent
latest. Same thing is true of this
Docker file. We're building it off the
Caddy image um and the Open Web UI
image. Caddy is used for networking and
it's what we'll use to basically prevent
um our Fly IO instance from reaching the
public internet. So we'll talk a little
bit about that more shortly.
Um and then what else we got here? We're
we're kind of coordinating this um with
our make file. There are two fly tomal
uh scripts in here and these have the
environment variables and the configs
for some of our model defaults. some of
our um open web UI defaults. Um and then
we have our Hermes config here. So this
will be something you'll probably want
to modify uh as your journey continues
with your Hermes agent. Here we also
have some scripts etc. But the good
thing is that this is relative to some
other configurations not that crazy. You
can kind of break it down and start to
understand the pieces. I think that's
good as well.
So let's do the fun stuff. We're going
to create our fly apps and volume. So,
let's verify that everything is working.
I also just noticed sick. I've been
showing you all my shared keys. So, I'm
going to rotate those quickly. You have
to be even more careful with these keys
when you're when you're recording videos
and recording your screen. But, uh yeah.
So, those keys are rotated. So, uh we
don't have to worry about that. Um next,
what we'll do is we'll do the fun stuff.
We're going to run make check tools.
Fly CLI is available. We're good. Um,
Moto CLI is fine. The tools are
available. And now we get to run the fun
stuff. Make create apps. Make create
volumes. So, what we're going to see is
that based off of um what we defined in
our M file, we're going to create our
volumes and our apps.
So, this is like a provisioning step
essentially. We're not actually
deploying anything just yet. So, if we
go to fly, what we'll now see if I
reload this is two apps. So, we have our
agent, which is our Hermes agent, and we
have our UI, which is going to be our
open web UI, and they're pending. We
didn't actually do anything yet. So,
we'll clear that out. Now, we're going
to do more fun stuff. We're going to um
start with our custom domain. So, we're
going at this ideally in the first
deployment, everything is locked down.
So, what we can do is run make domain
help.
And this is going to tell us basically
exactly what to do.
We're going to add someerts to fly. Um,
and that's going to start the process of
being able to configure our Cloudflare
domain so that only we can access what
we're deploying. So flyerts add flys
show. All right. So we have our apps
created. Now we're going to configure
some Cloudflare access rules. And that's
going to have to do with first our
self-hosted app and then second a
generic OIDC SAS app. Now you might be
wondering why are we doing two apps? Uh
that's a very good question. Something I
kind of debated on. There are two things
that are going to happen here. First uh
when we try to go visit our app, we're
actually going to have to log in through
Cloudflare just to see anything. So this
can be like you know you are here and
then we're going to have to log into our
open web UI app but we're just going to
make it use Cloudflare
basically. So
the downside is that we're going to have
to press login twice. The upside is that
it's like you know it's cached. It's
using exactly the same login. It's not
that big of a deal. And the win is that
nobody can even access this app without
using Cloudflare. So, I think the double
login here is warranted and it's
actually a good experience. You'll see
it's it's not too bad uh because it
protects our entire instance. If we
didn't have this and we just use
Cloudflare to log into Open Web UI,
people could still hit the the login
endpoint um with like a DDoS, they could
still have bots scraping all your stuff
and running up your bill, and we want to
prevent that. So, we're going to do a
double off here. And what that means is
that we have to configure a couple extra
rules. It's really not that big of a
deal. We're going to walk through it.
So, what we're going to do is create two
Cloudflare zero trust apps, a
self-hosted app and a generic OIDC SAS
app. I went through this earlier. Um,
and we will make sure that we do it
right the first time. Okay. So, we'll go
to everybody's favorite app, Cloudflare,
and we'll hit command K, and we'll go to
access,
and we're going to go to zero trust
access controls. This is a separate um
configuration from the rest of
Cloudflare and we're gonna have to
create two applications. So the first
application we're going to add is
self-hosted and private and then we're
going to add a SAS app. You'll kind of
see why we're doing this um as we go
along. Self-hosted and private private,
this will be chat. And we're going to
add our domain on Cloudflare that we
want to use. So chat.mmatpalmer.io.
This is protecting that chat endpoint um
entirely. So only we will be able to
access that endpoint. The internet will
not be able to access it at all. We're
going to create a new policy. And what
we're going to do is we're going to say
um emails uh are our email. Now um we
don't have to worry about anybody else
having access to that website. Policy
name uh email policy
uh allow. You could add multiple emails
here if you want multiple people to be
able to access your agent. And um all of
these other settings we'll just go with
the default. So now we have this nice
little um self-hosted app chat met
Palmer.io configured and we can test the
policy um to evaluate
your user basically if you've been um
interacting with Cloudflare and it
should say one year is is 100% approved.
That's kind of how you know we're doing
this right. So we're going to create
that.
Boom. We have our chat app and we're
going to create a new application. SAS
application. We're going to continue
with the SAS application. The
application is we're just going to type
in generic. Um don't worry about it too
much. We're going to use OIDC add
application. This is for our GitHub
login. This is for our um open web UI
app specifically. So our open web UI app
is going to call this out Cloudflare
OIDC connector and then that's what's
going to authenticate. So basically what
we're doing here is we are building this
connection first. We just built our
first app is this connection and our
second app is this connection. So let's
just label that one. So we're all on the
same page. We'll label the other one
two. Right. Um
because this can get confusing. I get
it. So generic OIDC scopes. All looks
good. Redirect URLs. This is where we
have to be a little careful. Um,
we already did that. Uh, and also you
should note right the email that I added
in that last step is the same as our
GitHub email and the same as the admin
email we will be using in this
application. We want all the emails to
be the same otherwise we're going to
have problems. Um, we'll use this
redirect URL
and we're going to replace example.com
with our website chat.mmattpalmer.io.
Boom. And then we will add a policy. I'm
going to cut down to the policy because
in the middle of this page there are
some secrets. So you'll see this box a
little bit lower on the same page. And
this box has access policies. What we
could do is actually just select our
email policy that we created earlier for
the same authentication. Same thing. We
run the policy tester. We should get um
one user is authenticated. Uh and that's
how we know um things are working. Let's
see what we got. There you go. one user
is approved. Now, we're not going to
accept all um identity providers. Uh
we're gonna actually configure these.
Says I have two configured. Um we're
going to we're going to reconmpict. So
now we're going to add some login
methods. Um also important to note, one
thing I want to share with you is if you
leave this configuration because I
noticed this was a bit of a wrinkle in
the Cloudflare configuration step and
you go back into generic and click
configure, the setup actually looks
different and you want to come to login
methods. So also this will be in the
same page on the first step but on the
second step if you come back to it it's
in login methods
you're going to see maybe no providers
here maybe some providers we're not
going to accept all available identity
providers and now we're going to have to
basically configure an identity provider
and we're going to use um instant
authentication so the next step here um
is that
we're going to be saving OIDC values
here and then configuring our providers.
Uh so I'll actually make sure that uh
this is listed as well. So now we're
going to configure a provider here. So
we have a login option.
So I think I think this is under
identity if I'm not mistaken. Identity
providers. We're going to add an
identity parter. We're going to use
GitHub. The reason we're using GitHub is
because I found it to be the easiest out
of all the options. The rest are a
little bit more complicated and I log in
with GitHub a lot because I have a lot
of GitHub projects. So, I'm going to go
to GitHub. We'll go to my profile or my
settings settings. And we're going to go
down. We're going to go to developer
settings. We're going to create an OOTH
app. New OOTH app. My OOTH app. Maddie
agent. Homepage URL. This is actually
important. Um, I messed this up earlier.
So, we'll think about this for a second.
So
when adding um
this GitHub app, we can actually
reference the Cloudflare docs here. Uh
and we want the homepage URL to be your
team name.cloudflaccess.com.
We can find the team name in the
dashboard under settings team name and
domain team name. Right? So uh I
actually know my team name is Matt
Palmer pages or something. I'll actually
rename this. Now my team name is Matt
Palmer. that's a little easier to
remember for me. Um,
and again, we'll go to the docs. Your
team name.cloudfloraccess.com.
I'm like a little uh paranoid here. And
this is easy to mess up and it's really
hard to debug. We really want to get
these URLs right. I'll copy that. Um,
come over here. We're going to copy that
authorization call back URL. You'll see
how all this works. It's actually really
fun. or maybe I'm just a dork.
Registering our OOTH app. Create. We're
going to get some stuff here. Client ID,
not sensitive, but probably best not to
like share this with everybody. Um, and
then the next thing we'll do is
configure client secret. So, we'll come
over here. We're going to drop in our uh
client ID, app ID. Actually,
slay roll. Our app ID might be
different. Create a client secret. We
can check a little bit later. We're
going to generate a new client secret.
Something sensitive will pop up. We're
going to copy that and we're going to
put it both in Cloudflare access here in
client secret and in our M file. Right?
So you'll see our OOTH client ID O
client secret are in our M file as well.
What we want to do is configure those as
well. So I was right. We're going to
enter our client ID in the app ID
section and our client secret in the
client secret section. Boom. Boom. And
then also we're going to enter the app
ID in our M file. The other thing to
call out is that there is an open ID
provider URL in our M file. That is a
separate thing. I will specify exactly
how to get that in a second. Um we just
need to finish this GitHub configuration
first. So with that, these are correct
values. We'll click save. So to finish
the setup when we click save, you just
have to make sure that you're the admin
of your application. So I'm going to
come over to my app here. Not my client
secret is hidden and I own the
application. That's all good. I'm going
to notice we have our callback URL here.
That's the same as what we're using. I'm
going to update the application.
Now it's saved. And we can now come back
to Cloudflare
over here rather.
And we can finish setup.
And you should see your app name. Little
GitHub OOTH consent screen. Authorize.
Boom.
Success. This is This is good. This is
what we want to see.
All right, we're getting there. We're
getting there. So, now this is
configured. GitHub is done.
You got to love to see it. Okay, back to
add a login method. Back to identity
providers. I just hit save three times.
Um I believe all of these are the same.
Uh so don't hit save multiple times.
that we could consider that a bug in the
um Cloudflare configuration. If you do
that, if you do that, you're just
basically going to have to go through
this maybe again. Uh
we have one user here.
Again, Cloudflare can be a little weird.
I know all these values are right.
So, the connection works now. Excellent.
Um, you might see some weirdness there
with Cloudflare. It might be a little
janky. Just have a little bit of
patience and it'll be fine. We're not
going to click save again. So, now we
have a provider. Excellent. You might
remember what what were we doing in the
first place? I can barely remember. What
we're doing is configuring our policy,
our email policy um to use providers. uh
I believe
actually we're going to have to
configure this on the individual
application lay level. So we're going to
edit the application login methods.
We're going to only accept uh GitHub and
we're going to apply instant
authentication. So save application.
We're going to go to chat. We're going
to configure
um same thing login methods.
GitHub. Um, apply instant
authentication.
Save. Boom. Double check this guy
because it that like looked a little
sus.
GitHub is selected. That's just a very
dark checkbox. That's what I wanted to
make sure. Um, already saved. So now we
can log into these things with GitHub.
And I wonder,
so this isn't even provisioned at all.
Okay. So we can't do that. just yet, but
we'll test it.
We're going to come back to our little
guy here. Last thing we have to do, this
open provider URL. I'm going to navigate
to that page because there's some
sensitive information. So, I want to be
sure I can blur it out.
And one other thing, we made a mistake
and I just realized it. So, this is good
that you're paying attention. The uh
values that we pasted in in our.example,
we'll open up here for client ID and
client secret. I put in values that came
from GitHub. That's wrong. What we want
in this um access here, GitHub's
authenticating with Cloudflare. We do
not authenticate with GitHub. We do not
need those values. What we do need are
the client ID here and the client secret
here. So, you're going to copy this.
You're going to copy that and you're
going to replace those values with these
client values, the Cloudflare OIDC
values. Now, because I didn't tell you
that and we're now on this page, you
might have to click reset secret and
then copy that and paste it in because
you're not going to be able to copy this
guy. Since we're not using it anywhere,
that should be fine. So, you're also
going to want to copy the secret. So,
now we actually have a lot of the the
tricky Cloudflare stuff set up. So, I'm
going to source m to make sure we have
our variables updated. I'm going to run
make check oidc. And what you want to
see is this guy, oidc discovery config
is valid. I'm just running some checks
in our make file to make sure that the
endpoints look good. Um,
yeah, these checks kind of help us to
know along the way that we're
configuring things the way we want to.
So now we actually have everything in
our M file that we need. We're going to
make sync secrets and it's going to use
fly to upload our M file securely to um
our basically our fly config. So now the
make file has imported our server key,
our token ID, our token secret, all of
these API keys um and secrets and we're
ready to go.
This step is only if you deployed an
earlier version of the repo. We can
actually remove that in some ways. So
now we're going to run make validate.
This is going to validate our
deployment. Configuration is valid. All
looks good. Now the fun part. We get to
deploy the app. So I'm going to clear
this out. I'm going to run make deploy.
We're going to talk about what's going
on. So what you're going to see this
could take some time if you run it for
the first time. Um it's going to build
the image. We talked about what a Docker
image is, what a Docker container is.
It's composed of a bunch of different
images kind of layered on top of each
other. So, what you'll see here is that
we're going to start to pull down the
images. Um, or Fly is going to pull down
the images, rather. Um, and again, this
might take a second or two. Uh, but it's
kind of fun to watch. It's going to
download all of these different layers,
build them up into what we want when
we're deploying our app. Um, and then
push it. So, you can see now it's
looking at our Docker file, and then
we're pulling down Hermes agent latest.
And these are all the different
components of that Hermes image that's
going to build up for us. So while
that's going on, we can start to think
about configuring our domain. We're
going to have to wait for the open web
UI to be deployed before we do this. So
again, remember what's going to happen
here is that we're going to deploy open
web UI to this domain. So we're going to
get
we're going to get two deployments.
We're going to get an open web UI
deployment and a Hermes agent
deployment. This is purely core backend
and this is front end. So, we'll have
this uh web UI URL. And what we're going
to do is lock this down. Basically,
nobody's going to be able to access
this, which is fine. We'll have two
URLs. We're going to have this guy, and
then we're going to have
chat.yous,
which is also fine. And this one is um
inaccessible
red. This one is accessible.
And the reason that one is accessible is
because it's going to be off
behind Cloudflare.
And the reason this guy is inaccessible
is because um there's no off.
So basically
I've configured the networking settings
to just reject any requests to that URL
and they all have to go through this URL
which we have behind Cloudflare which is
nice. So we're forcing traffic. We're
forcing traffic through Cloudflare to
access our open web UI.
Okay, so um the builds are wrapping up
here. What you'll start to see is um
the build summary and the image build
completed. Uh and then our deployment.
So this was like my first app. We can go
back over to Flyio.
Rephrase. We can go back over to Fly.io
here. And uh if we refresh these,
this guy is now suspended, which sounds
bad, but uh is actually a good thing
because it's uh in the process of being
created or updated. Um I think this took
around four or five minutes on the first
deploy. Redeploys are going to be
faster, but just to call out, this
process might take 10 or 15 minutes, so
I don't know. Go make yourself a coffee,
go hang out a bit. Um we're going to
start testing out um all of our URLs
once these are deployed and then wiring
up those OIDC connections next.
All right. So once you're done, once
this um script completes um we'll see
this little uh message in our terminal
and we can pop on over to fly. If we
refresh the dashboard, we got two green
dots. That's that's cool. I'm excited.
That makes me that makes me happy. Um,
we're not going to be interacting with
Matty agent at all. Right? This this
should not be accessible to the
internet. This URL, if I go to that URL,
we can't reach it. That's good. We don't
want to be able to reach it. Um, we can
check out the logs just to see that um
the Hermes gateway is running. Um,
that's what we want to see. So, this guy
is running the Hermes gateway. We'll
come back over to our agent UI. One
thing to call out about open web UI is
that I've noticed it takes a little
while to start up. So we can see live
machine logs. It's adding calendar
tables.
That's cool. We can also open the logs
in graphana which is um maybe a bit more
of a granular uh dashboard here and see
that we're um initializing our volumes
um formatting pulling container image.
Again, you'll see that this stuff is
happening. And the only reason I'm
calling that out is because a lot of
people when they deploy something, they
get really excited. They come over here
and they click this and it's not going
to work. It's not going to work for a
reason. And that's because the
deployment hasn't completed. So, again,
this takes a little bit of time. We can
all just chill out. We can have some
fun. You can grab some coffee. I got
some coffee. Um, you could water your
plants. I'm not here to tell you what to
do. I'm just saying, you know, sometimes
we just got to take it easy a little
bit. So, we're going to wait for a
little bit. Once this is ready, we'll
start doing more stuff. So, you're
probably back because you're impatient.
And my uh message to you here is if
you're looking for a sign, this is your
sign. Once you see Open Web UI pop up in
the terminal, um these logs indicate
that uh the app is now basically
running. Um we should see something
similar in Graphana. If we refresh that,
um, Graphfana is nice because you can,
you know, query logs a bit more
granularly. Um, but once you see that, I
think we should be good. So, I open
this. See, there's unauthorized error.
That's all right. We're not going to
freak out too much. This is the open web
UI homepage. And
by default, the way that this is um
configured is so that you can't log in
except with Cloudflare access. And we've
configured Cloudflare access which is
great. So this button should work if we
put the right variables in the right
places. This is a moment of truth
because this is kind of tricky to
configure. So I'm going to click
continue with Cloud File Access. What
happens invalid redirect URI does not
match configured values. That's all
right. We're going to figure it out. So
um what we can see up top here, uh this
is a good sign. Matt Palmerflower.com.
So what's happening is that our redirect
URI does not match the configured
values. Our redirect URI is um Maddie
agent UI fly dev oath oidc callback. So
what I'm going to guess is that
somewhere in my cloud config I did
something a little silly. Um so we're
going to come in here. We're going to go
to access. We're going to go to access
again. Um we're going to take a look at
our applications. This um
uh all that we're using is the generic.
It is not the chat just yet. We're going
to configure that
and the redirect URL.
I see. I see. So, we actually haven't
deployed this domain yet. So, what we
could do since we're just testing things
out temporarily. So, we're going to
change this redirect URL
to um this guy. Or actually, we'll just
add a URL. We can have more than one is,
you know, we got to have an abundance
mindset here. So, I'm going to add this
redirect URL rather than deleting that
one. And save the application. So, now
we have two redirect URLs. My guess is
that might just take a second. Um, and
we'll close this page. We'll go back to
our um Open Web UI instance. We're going
to try and log in with access again.
And we get our authorization screen.
That's all good.
Boom. We're logged in. Um, so that's
like kind of the hard part honestly. Uh,
the cool part now is that we are off and
open web UI. We have a GBT55 instance.
So we can test out some of this this
stuff. Uh, we can say, "Hi, uh, who are
you?"
And we should get a response.
Survey says, "Do you get a response?"
Amazing. So what just happened is we
offed um through Cloudflare. So we
actually just went here, we went inside,
we went directly to this guy because
technically right now this exists
outside Cloudflare.
Uh and so we went here. Boom. We talked
to this guy. This guy talked to
Cloudflare. And then um we had access to
our Hermes agent. So, what we're going
to do now can actually link maybe this
directly.
Boom.
What we're going to do now is we're
going to move this guy inside here.
Sometimes, uh, I wish I could connect
these things properly. We're going to
move this guy inside here. Um, and the
way we do that is by connecting a custom
domain and proxying that through
Cloudflare. So, if we bop we bop back
over to our tutorial.
Take a look. We're down here. We have
um
our deployment verified I believe.
And now we want to configure the custom
domain. One thing I'll call out because
this happened to me not on this um
deployment but on another deployment. Um
I was having a lot of weirdness with my
Cloudflare application. this generic SAS
application. I actually had to delete
this and recreate it. So, if you're
getting weird login bugs um around this
SAS application, you might try deleting
it. You might try recreating it. So,
where are we at? Well, we got our our
machine set up. It's live at this um
URL. Honestly, if you felt comfortable
with this now and you just kind of
wanted to call it a day, you could. Um
the only thing is that this page is
going to be accessible to the public
internet. And that means that it's
susceptible to um spam attacks, to like
scrapers, to all these other things.
There's no rate limiting. There's no
like protection against a DOS attack um
or other malicious actors. If you're
cool with that, I think most people
would be. We might be fine. But what
we're going to do is just slap another
layer on uh top and that's going to
really tighten things up. So now um
really the final thing to do is
configure our custom domain. And what
we're going to do is m.ample. We want to
make sure that our open web UI URL is
being set to that um that new value. So
this is the example. What I do is change
this in the actual M to what I want. So
for me it's going to be
chat.mmattpalmer.io.
Right. Um so we can go ahead and do that
now. And because we are um basically
running just a cert command, we don't
actually have to redeploy anything
because all we did was update um our
custom domain. So now we should be able
to again run uh make domain help. Um
so now we should be able to run this uh
make domain help command. We get u
someerts that we're going to add. So now
we're configuring our custom domain.
We're
going to run those.
And now um what we're doing fly is
configuring these custom elements uh for
our site.
So fly starts check is going to be the
next thing we run. Uh but certificates
have been created for our custom domain
here. And the reason that that happened
is because we changed that M value. Um
and Fly is telling us, hey, I haven't
found these things. Now we're not going
to configure the values that Fly is
giving us here. Instead, we're going to
do something different. We are going to
um just do a CNAME uh and a txt redirect
in Cloudflare. So, I'm going to copy
this real quick. We'll go over to
Cloudflare.
And now we're going to pop on over to
our domain.
Boom. Domains overview. We're going to
go to Matt Palmer.io. And we're going to
start doing DNS record stuff. You've
probably done DNS record stuff before.
It's always confusing. Um, we'll try and
make it simple. CNAME chat, right? So,
we're aliasing chat.mmattpr.io and we're
aliasing it to um our uh fly.dev, which
was Maddie agent ui, right? So, we're
proxying that traffic. So, we're going
to save that CNAME record. Then, the
other thing we have to do is a txt
record. Um, and fly should have gave us
a value here. So, DNS is always tricky.
What I configured here was the A and
quadruple A records here um from our fly
uh recommendation. So again what I did
was flys um setup and in flyert setup it
recommends um a few a and quadruple a
records. I used those and then I used
the ownership txt record. Also available
is a very good resource um on fly that
walks through uh some Cloudflare
troubleshooting. But really what we're
looking for here are just um our DNS
propagation checks. So that all looks
good. And now if I go to
chat.mmapmer.io,
I get not found. And another thing to
call out here is I actually removed our
access policy. We go to zero trust
access controls. Right? We have our
applications. I deleted our chat app for
good reason because this is actually
correct. Right? Chat.pmer.io not found
is correct. If um under other
circumstances we'll get a breaking cloud
flare screen here and that can obuscate
things. We want not found because what
is happening now is um we are actually
hitting fly but we're getting a 404
because our environment variables are
wrong. We updated our open web UI URL
and so now all we have to do is redeploy
those values. So um the fix is basically
we haven't updated our deployment. We're
going to need to do a redeploy. So,
we're going to do make um deploy
open web UI. I got a little refill thing
here. We're not going to do that. We're
just going to redeploy it with the right
secrets. So, now we're pushing these
things up. Remember, we configured our
domain for fly.io. So, it was our dev
instance. It was um uh what was it? Dev.
Man, my my brain is Maddie agent UIFly
dev. We configured our domain for this
instance. Right now, what we're saying
is, okay, we're ready to cut over to our
custom domain because our custom domain
doesn't exist. Chat.mmatpalmer.io didn't
exist. We're redeploying now, so that's
not going to load. So, what's going to
happen is we're going to go through this
redeploy. Things are going to be live on
chatmatpalmer.io and the old domain will
be cut. The old domain will give us not
found if we try to access it, which is
what we want. Um, and then when we are
able to access on chat.mmatpolymer.io,
we'll go back in and we'll read our
little uh um chat uh access screen in
Cloudflare and everything will be good
to go. Okay, so our deployment is
complete and now we can come back to fly
and what we would expect is this URL
should give us not found and
chat.polmer.io
should be the working one. Um, so we get
not found here. Want to refresh. If we
go to chat.mmatpalmer.io
io refresh, we get our auth. And so now
we can continue with cloudflare access.
Um, and we get an invalid redirect URI.
Um, again, we just have to come in. I
think the likely culprit is that um, our
access policies need some work. So we're
going to go to access again.
Zero trust access controls. Um, and I
believe actually
that might have just been a regression
here. We can cut this over. So, we can
delete that old dev URL. And like we did
before,
we just have to make sure that we have
chat.polmer.io
callback.
Save that. Saved. And then um Whoops.
I think we
leave out our um
remove that one. Saved. Boom. And then
we can add back in our um chat access
policy. We can double check. I think
it's probably best to uh
double check that works now.
So, we're getting this bug here.
This could be something with our GitHub
provider, but it's not because we know
GitHub is configured properly. Um, also
we're going through a bunch of different
cookies and site permissions. So, what
can be good is to clear um our cookies
for this site. So, what we might do here
is uh just wipe the cookies on this guy.
Um,
so if we come to our uh application and
storage, we can clear site data. we can
include third party cookies and just
wipe that. So then refreshing um and
going back to the URL of our application
chat map polymer io um drops us here. So
just like that we fixed sort of that
weird Cloudfare error we were getting.
It was a cookie issue and we can
continue with Cloudflare access.
We should get our GitHub screen
and we're logged in. So now we're logged
into chat map polymer io. And if we log
out,
we're already off via Cloudflare, right?
So the the issue was that um there were
some weird Cloudflare cookies. Uh and so
now we can sign in. What we can test is
if we open a new incognito tab and we go
to this website,
we get a GitHub login. Right? So off the
bat, we are not able to access this site
because Cloudflare is gating um that
site to us. So you saw it actually
redirected if you're if you're quick,
you know, you might be able to catch the
URL redirect through a Cloudflare um off
screen. And because we enabled that
other setting, it basically just passes
through to GitHub. So if we're logged
into GitHub, we're not going to get that
screen. And that kind of concludes the
configuration here because what you saw
is we tried to connect to our site.
Cloudflare says no. We have to
authenticate to Cloudflare. So now we're
going through Cloudflare. Um and then
from Cloudflare to open web UI. So our
site is no longer accessible to the
public internet. Um we can actually
check the uh the readme in our app.
There are some checks I believe here in
the make file that we could take a look
at, right? um make smoke I believe is
the best one. So we do a clear make
smoke. Uh what you'll see is
it's going to run curls. You'll see
we're able to connect here. Um
our platform connects and we're good
there. The one thing we're getting is a
modal failure, but we're going to test
that live. So our app should be live.
Boom. Go to chat. Matt Palmer IO. We're
off. Hello, who are you? Um, we get this
loading. So, our Hermes agent is
deployed and responding. And what now we
can do is we can come in to our
dashboard on modal. We have um this is
actually an old app uh that I deployed a
while back. So, we're going to stop this
app just to make sure that everything's
working. Going to come in here. We're
going to say, can uh do you have access
to a sandbox?
Can you run um a test python command?
Let's see what happens.
Okay, so we're getting modal uh token
validation failed. So, last thing we're
going to come in. Maybe you did this
properly. Maybe you weren't like me. Um,
and uh, we're going to get the token ID.
Um, we're actually just going to create
a new token, Maddie agent. Um, we'll
delete this one. Delete the token. We'll
create a new token. And then we're going
to pipe it through. Now, you might be
thinking, Matt, you sure make a lot of
mistakes. You sure fail a lot. That's
kind of part of it. And, um, I'll be
honest, like, as you're going through
this, there's probably going to be a
place here or there where you paste a
key in the wrong place or you get
something off by one variable. It's kind
of complicated process. So, I wanted to
show you some of the failures that I
bumped into and how this configuration,
it ended up taking a little bit longer
than I expected it to, and that's okay.
Um, it's okay because I don't want to
give you a 30-minute tutorial and act
like you need to do everything exactly
the same as me, but I want to call out
some common failure points um in this
tutorial and where we can make things
better. So, pretty sure this is like the
last thing. Once modal's configured, we
should be good to go. Um but yeah, I'll
catch you back here once this secrets uh
deploy is done.
All right, so we updated some modal
tokens. We can sign in here. Um we're
getting our Cloudflare access redirect.
Nothing is broken. That's excellent.
[laughter]
App's still starting up, so it's a
little slow. Who are you? Yay. Um and
one thing we should see here is that uh
these chats are saved. So, um, we have a
persistent volume in our, um, agent. And
the cool thing is that, you know, all
our chats are saved just as we'd expect.
And as we build out our Hermes agent,
we'll be able to do stuff with this. Can
you send a test um command to the Python
environment or the sandbox
uh, to test Python? Brain is a little
jumbled. Let's see what happens.
So what we're looking for here is that
our agent is able to fire up beautiful a
mobile sand modal sandbox. So now if we
go to modal what we'll see is sandboxes
one live it just ran a command um and
there's some activity. So
this log here
sandbox test. Okay. Um,
and I like we also have some suggestions
uh enabled. Can you run a simple Python
script that creates and reads a file in
the sandbox? What we're doing now is the
whole shebang. We're going open web UI
which is off under Cloudflare accessible
to only us uh to our agent. Agent um
receives the chat. chat is to execute a
um command, fires it off to the terminal
back end, executes it on modal python
whatever.py returns it to um our web UI
through the agent and uh it's actually
entirely off. So um yes, I ran a Python
script in the sandbox that created and
read back a file output. Um hello from
the Hermes sandbox. This file was
created and read by Python. That is
happening. Boom. Some more CPU usage
here. um in our app in our sandbox. Um
if we dug around in modal, there might
be some more cool stuff we could see
here, but end to end that's that's
that's it, right? So what are our next
steps? I think our next steps, at least
for me, are going to be to poke around
in the docs and learn more about
integrations here. Um I think I'm going
to want some messaging platform
integration. I'm going to want to be
able to send stuff through Slack. we
want to be able to maybe do like a
WhatsApp or a Telegram situation. As
we're considering our messaging
endpoints, what we have to think about
is basically that we're punching holes
in this thing, right? So, um or not
really rather Cloudflare, we're punching
holes in this thing. Uh so, I'll use a
different color. We're saying, "Hey, I'm
going to add a messaging provider. I
want that to be able to come in and
communicate with my agent." So, we have
to be really careful if we're giving
Telegram or Slack or other UIs access to
our agent. It's not going to be routed
through this cloud for thing which we
spent the most of this tutorial
configuring because it's complicated. Um
it's not going to be protected from the
public internet. So every time we open
an endpoint to our agent we have to be
very careful with what we're opening up.
Uh but end to end in this video we just
configured a Hermes agent. um in this uh
sort of managed solution architecture,
we deployed um our agent, we deployed a
modal backend um and we configured a UI
with a cloudflare um protection policy
both around the provider and within the
provider um and we deployed it and so
now you have an agent that we can start
to build on that we don't have to worry
too much about security considerations
still have to keep them in mind. Uh but
I think this is the right way to do it
and I'm excited to keep building. This
has been building and deploying a Hermes
agent.